hey everyone my name's aren't you're the
winner of Beauty bootcamp you're gonna
be seeing a lot more of me on daily meat
so I just want to show you where I'm
from and where I live so this is my home
and follow me this is my living room and
my guiding area we've got a bit of a
black white and a red theme going
through it seeing if they are my mom's
favorite color you've got to check out
my big cozy sofas this is where watching
my ascenders come follow me this is my
kitchen the heart of the house where I
do a lot of eating not so much cooking a
lot of family chill time and big
decisions were made here got my brother
here for that my sister Marni and my
gorgeous dog you Lolo so this is my
garden where I used to play a lot of
cricket with my brother but I've ever
come in here much anymore because it's
lo-lo's playground right let me take you
upstairs this is my lovely bathroom well
it's got a really nice Jacuzzi here this
is where I like to chill out have some
wine down time cut up some candles and
soak in some aromatherapy oils then
we're finally in my room now this is one
of my dressing tables I just like to
hang a few bits of my jewellery pair of
my favorite perfumes and some hair
brushes so let me take you over to my
little beauty corner and I've got all my
brushes here that I like to use I've got
eye brushes and face brushes then I've
got my laptop here that I do in my
editing on and this is just where I like
to keep all my everyday stuff if I keep
all of my makeup out here it's just way
too much variety every day so this is my
little makeup
Charlie where I stall of it it is
actually quite big I've got to make up
down here from the studio from VC boot
camp which is still need to sort out
we've got a little train here that has
got some pictures of people that I love
and just some good time from there
including I cannot believe that I'm
actually presenting for daily mix it is
so much fun I'm absolutely loving it and
I can't wait to do so much more in
reflection Beauty boot camp was probably
one of the most amazing experiences of
my life I've never done anything like
that and to meet such amazing people not
just the contestants pixie rude Tanya
Berg gasps Ruth cruelly Jim Chapman
zoella and as well as the whole crew it
was just so unreal my family and friends
are really really proud of me I didn't
tell them all of my friends what I was
actually up to and but they all found
out through YouTube and Facebook and
Ansel and everyone is just just a bit
sand over the moon so I'm really lucky
to have such lovely people supporting me
so I hope you enjoyed the tour this was
actually my first time presenting for
daily mix and I'd love to know how you
think I got on please can you comment
down below and let me know what you
think also let us know what you want to
see from me in your upcoming videos and
so thumbs up comment down below and
don't forget to subscribe bye so you're
flying in on honcho well I started off
with the ice fest cuz I'm I knew I was
gonna use some black who I didn't want
there to be any fall down on the face I
thought that would be the best way to go
about it I just want to say I'm really
impressed that you didn't panic when you
didn't have the under-eye concealer and
just chose different products to use
that's fantastic thank you I think this
is gorgeous and so Kim Kardashian